---
layout: post
title: These City Lights
listing_image: /img/blog/02-city.jpg
image_caption: Cityscape
summary: A new post all about the city.
---
Well, the jerk-store called, and they're running out of you. This experience has changed me. It's made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded. We're aware of the proximity to the park, yes. For 50 bucks? I'd put my face in the soup and blow. That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work.

"No thank you, I don't want coffee, it keeps me up. Too late for me to drink coffee." This experience has changed me. It's made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded. I told her I liked her. Why? Why did I tell her I like her? I have this sick compulsion to tell women how I feel. I like you I don't tell you. I told her I liked her. Why? Why did I tell her I like her? I have this sick compulsion to tell women how I feel. I like you I don't tell you. I'm much more comfortable criticizing people behind their backs.

It's like those hip musicians with their complicated shoes. This experience has changed me. It's made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded. I proclaim this the summer of George! I lie every second of the day. My whole life is a sham!

Master of the House. Quick to catch your eye, never wants a passerby to pass him by. Like I don't know that I'm pathetic. I feel like my old self again: totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic - it's a pleasure. People this stupid shouldn't be allowed to live. I feel like my old self again: totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic - it's a pleasure.
