---
layout: post
title: Riddle me this
listing_image: /img/blog/04-cube.jpg
image_caption: Image of a Rubix cube
summary: A longer blurb. his is the kind of day that almost makes you feel good to be alive. I wish there were pigmen. You get a few of these pigmen walking around, I'm looking a whole lot better.
---
That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work. The mug is round, the jar is round - they should call it Roundtine. This is by far the most exciting thing I've ever done. For 50 bucks? I'd put my face in the soup and blow.

You know, we're living in a society! Believe it or not, George isn't home, please leave a message at the beep, I must be out or I'd pick up the phone, where could I be? I wish there were pigmen. You get a few of these pigmen walking around, I'm looking a whole lot better. This is the kind of day that almost makes you feel good to be alive. That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work. This is the kind of day that almost makes you feel good to be alive.

Lunch is fine at the beginning, then you move on to dinner. You don't move back to lunch - it's like being demoted. When you look annoyed all the time, people think that you're busy. I don't think anyone's turned down an apartment because of a weak shower spray. Why can't I have a heart attack? I'm allowed.

It's Sendrax. They've got some new kind of technique for televising opera. My name is George. I'm unemployed and I live with my parents. What's the deal with Aquaman? Could he go on land, or was he just restricted to water?

I'm the judge and the jury, pal. And the verdict is...guilty!
