---
layout: post
title: Book Day
listing_image: /img/blog/03-book.jpg
image_caption: An open book
summary: I like books, because I'm shy.
---
Oh, no. No, I can't go back there. Jerry. I was in the pool! I was in the pool! I'm an eggplant! I'm an eggplant! This experience has changed me. It's made me more cynical, more bitter, more jaded. That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work. You know, I've been thinking. I cannot envision any circumstances in which I'll ever have the opportunity to have sex again. It's Sendrax. They've got some new kind of technique for televising opera. The mug is round, the jar is round - they should call it Roundtine.

This is the kind of day that almost makes you feel good to be alive. Well there's nothing dirtier than a big ball of oil. I, for one, am not going to compromise my artistic integrity. The mug is round, the jar is round - they should call it Roundtine. What's the deal with Aquaman? Could he go on land, or was he just restricted to water? You know, we're living in a society! For 50 bucks? I'd put my face in the soup and blow.

I don't think there's ever been an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up. This is by far the most exciting thing I've ever done. This is by far the most exciting thing I've ever done. Anywhere in the city - I'll tell you the best public toilet. Anywhere in the city - I'll tell you the best public toilet.

You know, if you take everything I've done in my entire life and condense it down into one day, it looks decent. I, for one, am not going to compromise my artistic integrity. Believe it or not, George isn't home, please leave a message at the beep, I must be out or I'd pick up the phone, where could I be? We're aware of the proximity to the park, yes. Every woman on the face of the earth has complete control of my life. And yet, I want them all.. is that irony?

That's a tough minute. It's like waiting in the shower for the conditioner to work. Well there's nothing dirtier than a big ball of oil. Master of the House. Quick to catch your eye, never wants a passerby to pass him by.
